
W1
Q1. Write a program to demonstrate the use of Output statements that draws any object of your choice e.g. Christmas Tree using ‘*’
Q2. Write a program that reads in a month number and outputs the month name.
Q3. Write a program that demonstrate the use of various input statements like getchar(), getch(), scanf().
Q4. Write a program to demonstrate the overflow and underflow of various datatype and their resolution?

W2
Q1. Write a program to demonstrate the precedence of various operators.
Q2. Write a program to generate a sequence of numbers in both ascending and descending order.
Q3. Write a program to generate pascals triangle.
Q4. Write a program to reverse the digits of a given number. For example, the number 9876 should be returned as 6789.

W3
Q1. Write a program to convert an amount (upto billion) in figures to equivalent amount in words.
Q2. Write a program to find sum of all prime numbers between 100 and 500.
Q3. Create a one dimensional array of characters and store a string inside it by reading from standard input. Q4. Write a program to input 20 arbitrary numbers in one-dimensional array. Calculate Frequency of each number. Print the number and its frequency in a tabular form.

W4 
Q1. Write a C function to remove duplicates from an ordered array. For example, if input array contains 10,10,10,30,40,40,50,80,80,100 then output should be 10,30,40,50,80,100.
Q2. Write a program which will arrange the positive and negative numbers in a one-dimensional array in such a way that all positive numbers should come first and then all the negative numbers will come without changing original sequence of the numbers. Example: Original array contains: 10-15,1,3,-2,0,- 2,-3,2,-9 Modified array: 10,1,3,0,2-15,-2,-2,-3,-9
Q3. Write a program to compute addition multiplication and transpose of a 2-D array.
Q4. Implement a program which uses multiple files for holding multiple functions which are compiled separately, linked together and called by main(). Use static and extern variables in these files.

W5
Q1. Implement a function which receiver a pointer to a Student struct and sets the values of its fields.
Q2. Write a program which takes five arguments on command line, opens a file and writes one argument per line in that file and closes the file.
Q3. Write a program which creates Student (struct) objects using malloc and stores their pointers in an array. It must free the objects after printing their contents.
Q4. Write a function char* stuff(char* s1,char* s2,int sp, intrp) to stuff string s2 in string s1 at position sp, replacing rp number of characters (rp may be zero).

W6
Q1. Write a program to input name, address and telephone number of ‘n’ persons (n<=20). Sort according to the name as a primary key and address as the secondary key. Print the sorted telephone directory.
Q2. Write a program to find the number of occurrences of a word in a sentence ?
Q3. Write a program to concatenate two strings without using the inbuilt function?
Q4. Write a program to check if two strings are same or not?
Q5. Write a program to check whether a string is a palindrome or not?
Q6. Write a program to find the number of vowels and consonants in a sentence?

W7
Q1. Write a program that reverse the contents of a string.
Q2. Write a program to demonstrate the array indexing using pointers.
Q3. Write a program to pass a pointer to a structure as a parameter to a function and return back a pointer to structure to the calling function after modifying the members of the structure?

W8
Q4. Write a program to demonstrate the use of pointer to a pointer.
Q5. Write a program to demonstrate the use of pointer to a function.
Q6. Write a program to demonstrate the swapping the fields of two structures using pointers?
Q1. Write a program in C++ to define class complex which having two data members viz real and imaginary part ?
Q2. Write a program in C++ to define class Person which having multiple data members for storing the different details of the person e.g. name,age, address, height etc.

W9
Q3. Write a program to instantiate the objects of the class person and class complex ?
Q4. Write a C++ program to add member function that displays the contents of class person and class complex?
Q5. Write a C++ program to demonstrate the use of scope resolution operator?
Q6. Write a program in C++ which creates objects of Student class using default, overloaded and copy constructors.

W10
Q1. Write a program to demonstrate the use of different access specifiers.
Q2. Write a C++ program to demonstrate the use of inline, friend functions and this keyword.
Q3. Write a C++ program to show the use of destructors.
Q4. Write a program in C++ demonstrates the use of function overloading.
Q5. Write a C++ program to overload the ‘+’ operator so that it can add two matrices.

W11
Q6. Write a C++ program to overload the assignment operator.
Q7. Write a C++ program to overload comparison operator operator== and operator!= .
Q8. Write a C++ program to overload the unary operator.
Q1. Write a program in C++ which creates a single-inheritance hierarchy of Person, Employee and Teacher classes and creates instances of each class using new and stores them in an array of Person * .

W12
Q2. Write a program in C++ which creates a multiple-inheritance hierarchy of Teacher classes derived from both Person, Employee classes. Each class must implement a Show() member function and utilize scope-resolution operator
Q3. Write a program in C++ demonstrates the concept of function overriding?
Q4. Write a C++ program to show inheritance using different levels?
Q5. Write a C++ program to demonstrate the concepts of abstract class and inner class?

W13
Q1. Write a C++ program to demonstrate the use of virtual functions and polymorphism?
Q2. Write a C++ program to demonstrate the use of pure virtual functions and virtual destructors?
Q3. Write a C++ program to swap data using function templates.
Q4. Write a C++ program to create a simple calculator which can add, subtract, multiply and divide two numbers using class template.

W14
Q1. Write a C++ program to demonstrate the concept of exception handling.
Q2. Write a C++ program to create a custom exception.
Q3. Define a class with appropriate data members and member functions which opens an input and output file, checks each one for being open, and then reads name, age, salary of a person from the input file and stores the information in an object, increases the salary by a bonus of 10% and then writes the person object to the output file. It continues until the input stream is no longer good.